"Tobgyal" for 49 days. I'm so happy and so impressed with your dedication, the love, your devotion
to the kinder, into the down, that you never complain, you're never going to say anything, but
continue to support in heaven. We did practice every day, every day we practice.
It's something that we just do to the things. So I'm so grateful and thankful for all the support
that we have. Really just so special. Actually, it's a marker, that fulfillment.
As Khenchen Rinpoche said too, for the enlightenment, it's not really necessary to support for them
. But however, we do this ceremony in prayers, it also fulfills us prayer to be more active, more
fulfillment of the giving enlightenment as offering.
We need like-minded beings, like aspirations, and aspirations to perform, to benefit so many beings
, so many beings.
So therefore, it's beneficial to fulfillment of the environment, in the same time it benefits to
ourselves, to remove our obscurations, obstacles, and many defilements.
So we bring the new dimension of the natures, true nature, understanding that we feel. So that is
how we feel at home.
Like Colin Kinwood himself, as Khemasana said, as you all know, we look into the life story of his,
looking back to his legacy. Life story, he was the one of the very great masters, great
practitioners, great scholars.
But yet so humble, so simple, so direct, he keeps his soul on the ground. He never bragged, boosted
his realization, his understanding, his knowledge.
And even some people say that he is really a connection, or he was really a connection of this and
that.
But he never used those as credentials to boost of any ego-cling or samsara to be received.
He always states what he was. What he did is the legacy and monument, and that is his credentials.
When Kinwood looked to his credentials, time was born, and Atreyagandhad Mahaparinarana, he is one
of the beautiful novel samsara of the Buddha and Muruban Mahasamur, a lineage of what is true.
He was an old aspect, a scholar aspect, a realization aspect, legacy and monument of the monastery,
centers, institutions, and what he contributed, put it later to the new Buddhist school, and the
new ma school.
And then as well as to us, truly he was the warrior, he was the great bodhisattva in his great
dreams.
So he was, this is one of the true hero of bravery, and for him, he came with beautiful, he left
with beautiful.
Beautiful? For that, I mean, for that, we don't have to concern him in worry about that.
But even that is so good for everything. When you look into the historic bag, it was so beautiful.
But of course, those were left behind, such as me and Lorraine and all of us, as we feel sometimes
his head, and his heavy, heavy and difficult.
His kind of goes on and on sometimes, almost like walking in the desert lands.
But yet, from reassuring how precious of this light, how precious every time you practice and do
good things, well, we have every opportunity in our head in our situation.
So we feel in those ways, we saw how, and again, thank you to all of you, all of you, thank you for
coming by the straight end, keeping up this light as a continuous passage.
And again, I'm saying thank you, thank you to you, you look like you don't, but we all lost, you
know, we lost the same, something that we love.
We're all in the same boat, and we truly, we did good Sangha memory.
And Sangha memory, the teaching said, Sangha's meaning of the Sangha is to help and support each
other, help each other, support each other, learn from each other.
And Sangha said, truly, we did that, and stay in one boat, and each day, he had the same feeling,
same thought, same words.
So, I was so grateful, and so thankful to all of you. Thank you, thank you very much for coming.
Thank you, and then, you all, in which, Sangha, you said, there is another.
We have beautiful big women and other victims, and then, I throw them at him, you all know, so I
don't have to repeat that.
But truly, we all are so happy and proud that we have a relation to his great master, the disciple
who is the great master.
So, they said, to preserve his legacy and his monument is to, perhaps, meditate with him, which we
can make him, as our Sangha, as him.
And that will be another great monument. So, thank you again. Thank you.
And now, we have some blessings of that, which is a piece of rock, his cloak, and what we did.
And then, we sailed, put the sail, sail of the Thasamunasik, Muratakho, there, my teaching,
everywhere, he discovered the low sail of the Skorponi, Skorponi.
So, Kirubali has that too, and so, we sailed, that sailed on, and these, these physical clothes,
and then, with the photo of that.
So, we like to offer you that, and as blessings and remembrance.
And then, I will also have our Sangha member organize with the Chairwoman, and put yourself back in
, to lecture you.
So, we like to offer that to you, as Ali and Lorraine.
So, we were one who stayed last, his kind of physical, in this world.
So, we thought we would take that to you. So, please welcome Ali.
Ali, then, also, we like to thank you, to the same team, same team, that this beautiful Thaka,
again.
And we asked to each other much, and, of course, you all know each other much. He is one of the
great masters,
and such teachers, leading, and oldest of the master's of the new schools.
So, we asked him what to do, and through his daughters, we got the message, that we should do,
he's relaxed, as many as Chassas, and then, also, we should thank the Thakas of the 35 Buddhas,
Buddhas of the qualifications, and so, that he told, that we can do that before the 49 days, which
is really good, you see.
So, then, we don't have, I mean, Chassas we're making, that indicating Dara Dev, awesome, making
that.
Then, of course, then, we have beautiful artists here. I said he was very devoted to the King,
so immediately we asked him. So, ever since then, he started, then, this beautiful Thaka of the 35
Buddhas,
on the King, which as Chara Dev has started, not just only Thaka he met, Beddha, but he saw this,
saw it.
The broadcast, this is how it works, so thank you very much, if you said you were ever going to do
that.
And also, we were able to make the Chassas, and then, at the beginning of the time, I jokingly said
to Dara and Mark and Katie,
"I'd like to make one thousand eight Chassas." He says, "Wow." He says, "Okay, recall."
I also really thought that the cannot have. One thousand eight Chassas is large, large.
So, then, they started making Chassas ever since we passed one thousand eight, I think one thousand
thirty-five.
And then, I think when we live, I said that all the ceremony we do, every day here, is a neat
preparation.
It needs so many things, this and this thing, a neat, delicately, joyful effort to continue it.
And I just said, one time, two times, and the Sangha members all support it.
Lya, Japa, and Lorraine, Amilda, Laura, and Demi, I can see, and the Sangha members here, and Eric,
and Anu, Anu, and Katie.
I mean, so many really support it. I think, again, I must be broke at the level, so I want to take
that all.
And then, they will learn from the violence, I think. But, thank you, everybody, we support it.
We thought, always, and whether you say, lifting up the carpet in four corners.
And then, truly, we did. We left up the carpet in four corners to maintain the outside, all this.
I mean, all this, the dark, and the calm, and the words, I mean, so many support it.
And they will be able to go through it. Thank you, again.
So, you know, say, we will take the office, and then we will do this. We will offer these things.